♪ ♪
TANI: Come on.
You gotta be kidding me.
STEVE: I’m serious, man.
No.
He got locked out
of his room
with nothing but
a towel and his abs.
: Oh, my God.
Yeah. You don’t believe me,
ask-ask, uh... ask Duke.
I’m sorry, Duke was there?
Yeah.
Yeah, Duke was there.
And his wife.
Come on.
You know, his wife bought him a
gym membership right after that.
Duke’s been mad
at Chin ever since.
Oh, my God.
When am I gonna meet this guy?
You’ll meet him.
Chin Ho!
I’m telling you.
You’ll meet him.
No matter how far away we go,
this island always
draws us back home.
You think
Danny’s gonna
feel like that when Grace
goes off to college
and he can go back to Jersey?
Don’t let that old
curmudgeon fool you.
This is his home.
He’s never gonna leave here.
Oh, he’s not gonna leave
here because he doesn’t want
to leave here or because
you’re not gonna let him?
Both.
Brothers from
another mother.
It’s true.
Look, I love the guy,
but I gotta say, I...
sometimes I regret not
shooting him when we first met.
You know what?
That’s funny you say that,
because I’m positive that he’d
say the same thing about you.
Yeah, he probably would.
But you know what?
He would never hit me.
Because in that
hypothetical situation,
I’m Han Solo,
and he’s Greedo, okay?
: You...
you’re both, like,
really competitive, though,
aren’t you?
Danny is super competitive.
Oh.
He competes with me
constantly.
I’m actually not
that competitive.
Really? Okay.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, I like to win.
You don’t like to win?
Of course I like to win.
Everybody likes to win, right?
But I’ve developed
this-this reputation,
uh, for being hyper-competitive,
and it-it...
I don’t know, it’s just...
it’s not accurate.
Yeah, I totally get that.
Yeah.
What are we doing?
We picking up the pace here?
I’m sorry. Am I? I didn’t
notice. Should I slow down?
You want me to? I’ll slow down.
Should I slow down?
No, no, very...
No, no, this is actually
very comfortable for me.
Yeah?
Yeah.
It’s only like four knots.
Actually, probably
would’ve said more like
four and a half,
but, you know...
Yeah, I mean...
you can handle it, right?
No big deal. Yeah, let’s go.
♪ ♪
You okay over there?
Yeah.
GROVER:Boy, it ain’t that complicated.
You don’t have
to give any advice.
You don’t have to fix
any problems.
You don’t even have
to lift a finger,
which, under normal
circumstances,
is right up your alley.
I was just trying to help.
Son...
the key to a happy relationship
is a fixed gaze and open ears.
Let me explain it.
If Grace didn’t want my advice,
then why did she come
to me, then?
You see, this is what
I’m talking about.
Are you hearing
anything I’m saying?
Ooh.
You really are
in the doghouse.
Even that text
sounds angry.
It’s not Grace.
It’s one of those
emergency alerts.
A silver Chrysler sedan,
license plate 5CJO...
You know what?
Never mind that.
This is my day off.
That’s HPD business.
Our business is right here
in this car.
I am unlocking the secrets
for you, my son,
the heir to the Grover empire.
I’m unlocking the secrets
of what makes a happy woman.
Now, what is your job?
Listening.
That’s right.
But, Dad, I had the answers.
I had the answer.
That’s-that’s...
that’s what’s so messed up
about this.
No, no, that’s not
what’s so messed up.
It’s you-- you are
Grace does not want your advice.
She doesn’t want your help
in fixing the problem.
What she wants
is just to be heard.
Supported.
All she wants to be able to do
is say to herself,
"My man has my back."
So, the next time
your little phone rings
and it’s Grace wanting to talk
about one of her problems,
issues or whatever,
here’s my advice to you:
Go find yourself a
comfortable chair and sit down,
because your little tiny heinie
is going nowhere
until she’s done.
But if-if someone
has a problem...
Ah...
Uh-uh. Boy, what is wrong
with you?
...is-isn’t it just...
You know, God gave you two ears,
but he only gave you one mouth.
You ever wonder why?
Dad, I-I think that’s the car
HPD’s looking for.
Let me see.
All right, listen to me.
Get on the phone.
Call your Uncle Steve.
And stay in the car.
What did I just say?
Stay in the car.
No matter what. Understand?
Will!
Yes, sir.
Stay in the car.
You.
Get out of the car
with your hands above your head.
Driver!
Get out of the car!
MAN:
I can’t.
Are you hurt?
Not yet.
Driver?
Okay, now.
Okay, now, settle down.
Settle down.
You don’t want to do that.
Just put the gun down.
I can’t.
(Hawaii Five-O
theme song plays)
That was great.
I think we’ll just, uh,
call that a draw, right?
I guess if you call coming in
four yards behind me
a draw, then sure.
All right.
I lost. You won.
Don’t worry.
I’m not gonna tell Danny.
Thank you.
Hey, Will, you okay?
Wait a minute.
Where are you?
All right, you stay right there.
We’ll be right there, okay?
Stay right there.
We gotta go.
Thought Grover had the day off.
Yeah, I guess the universe
had other plans.
Duke.
Where’s Will?
Had one of my guys
take him home.
He’s safe.
What do we got?
Guy’s name is Brad Woodward.
He’s a murder suspect in
the death of his wife.
LUKELA:
Detective division’s been
working the case for a few days.
Had enough evidence
to charge him this morning.
We worked out
the negotiations
with his attorney
for his surrender,
but when he didn’t turn
himself in,
we put out the alert.
Hold on. Is this
the scumbag
that threw his wife
off the balcony?
Yeah.
What are you talking about?
Couple weeks ago, HPD goes
over to this guy’s place.
His wife has fallen 15 stories.
And the best part--
it wasn’t the first time
that HPD was called over.
Multiple domestic
disturbances.
Neighbors heard arguments
all the time.
We ever make an arrest?
Our hands were tied.
The officers never saw
any signs of physical abuse,
and she would never
press charges.
What’s Brad saying
about his wife’s death?
Accident?
JUNIOR: Uh...
He says she jumped.
Suicide.
This is all wrong.
We had our problems,
but I didn’t kill my wife.
Back!
Get back!
Okay.
All right.
Take it easy, man.
Buddy, I-I-I’m just having
a difficult time
hearing you
through the glass.
Listen, man, I’m not
trying to trick you, okay?
I want to help you,
but to help you,
I gotta be able
to hear you, man.
Thank you.
I didn’t hurt my wife.
I didn’t kill her.
Okay.
Everybody needs to hear
your side of this, buddy.
Not just me.
I swear to God, I didn’t do it.
I want to believe you,
but if you didn’t do it,
why don’t you put
that gun down?
Then you and I can talk
about what we need to do
to prove that you’re
innocent, okay?
What’s your name, buddy?
Tell me your name.
Brad.
Okay, Brad.
Brad, my name’s Lou.
I’m here to
listen to you.
You got everybody blaming you
for something you didn’t do,
and what makes it worse--
you lost somebody who
was important to you,
and I know how
much that hurts,
but this thing you’re doing
here with this gun...
that’s not the
answer, Brad.
All these guys out here,
none of these people
are gonna listen to you.
None of them are
gonna listen to you
as long as you got
that gun in your hand.
They didn’t listen to me before.
Okay, but this is different
now because it’s me.
This is me.
This is Lou. I’m here.
And if you
trust me, Brad,
if you just trust me,
I promise you that the
truth is going to come out.
Relax, relax.
Take it easy.
Take it easy, Brad.
That’s just my phone.
The police--
that’s who this is.
I’m gonna just
talk to them
and see what’s going on.
Don’t worry.
I’m not gonna let
anything happen to you.
Hello?
Hey, Lou, it’s me.
You all right?
Well, I’ll be a lot better
when this guy
puts his gun down.
All right.
What’s he saying?
Not much.
Just keeps going on and on
about how he didn’t
kill his wife.
You believe him?
Hell, I don’t know, man.
Maybe he did,
maybe he didn’t,
but I promised him
that we would look into this.
And if looking into the evidence
of this guy’s case
makes him put that gun down,
I think it’s worth it.
Then we will. Hang tight.
Okay. All right.
All right.
Okay, guys, listen to me.
I need you to go
and get everything
HPD has on this case.
We need to see if there’s any
truth to what Brad’s saying.
Okay, on it. Let’s go.
Okay, thank you.
Whoa, whoa. What, uh...
what are we doing?
We’re doing
everything we can
to get this guy
to stand down.
That’s a very
dangerous precedent
we’re setting by dealing
with this guy like this.
Okay.
MAN: Commander McGarrett.
Yes, sir.
I’m Detective Keegan with
the HPD Crisis Negotiation Unit.
All right, what can I do
for you, Detective?
I’m gonna work with my team
on getting your man out
so we can take over
and hopefully
get Mr. Woodward
to stand down.
Appreciate that,
but that won’t be necessary.
Captain Grover has
the situation under control.
Besides, I think any kind
of transition right now
could be detrimental.
I know it’s
your instinct
to take the lead
on this, Commander.
This is what I do.
I’ve been doing it
a long time.
Captain Grover’s been
doing it a long time, too.
Okay, he ran SWAT here,
ran SWAT in Chicago.
He’s been trained to handle
situations just like this.
Also, he was the
first responder.
He was the first
person on the scene,
and he’s establishing
a relationship.
We’re not gonna
pull him off that.
Establishing
a relationship?
That’s right.
How long has the man
been holding a gun to his head
while your guy’s been
establishing a relationship?
Captain Grover
has got this guy talking.
You and I both know
that’s the most important thing.
He’s also just promised him
we’ll look into his case.
Now, for all we know,
that could be the only thing
stopping this guy
pulling the trigger.
KEEGAN:
All right.
You want the job, fine.
If that man kills himself,
you’re denying justice
for his wife and her family.
♪ ♪
How does this happen?
GROVER:
I want you to think
about all the people
that care about you,
all the people
that love you.
Because those
are the people
you’re gonna hurt if
you do this thing.
You got family,
people that love you.
You don’t want to
leave them like this.
They gotta live
with that.
Maybe there’s someone else
who... who loves you.
Maybe...
maybe somebody
you’ve been seeing.
There was nobody else.
I loved my wife.
Okay, I’m glad.
I’m glad to
hear that, man.
Why don’t you tell
me about her.
Tell me about your wife.
What’s her name?
Tell me her name.
Her name is Tracy.
Okay.
Okay, let’s talk
about Tracy.
All right, here it is--
everything we got
on Brad and Tracy so far.
Definitely looked like there was
a struggle
the night that she died.
So we have Noelani going over
the physical evidence
to make sure that there was no
other DNA found on the vic.
We also went through Brad’s
phone records, e-mails, texts.
Nothing to indicate
there was an affair.
What about bank records?
Yeah, we checked ’em.
Their finances were solid.
Like, no life insurance
taken out on Tracy.
What were they fighting about?
HPD know?
JUNIOR:
No, but in the statement,
he said that he left
straight after the argument
and he wasn’t even there
when she died, so...
but no one can corroborate that.
TANI: So here’s the
interesting thing:
Tracy sent Brad
multiple text messages
that Brad deleted before HPD
got a hold of the phone.
Also, Tracy placed
a number of calls to Brad
that went unreturned.
Well, clearly something
had Tracy upset.
Yeah, and Brad didn’t want
anyone to know about it.
So, if you
didn’t do it,
something had to make
her jump, right?
Don’t worry about them.
It’s just you and me.
It’s just...
Brad, Brad, look
at me, look at me.
They’ll do whatever
I tell ’em.
You want me to tell
’em to stay back?
Huh? Is that
what you want?
Back. Back.
Okay, I’ll take care of it.
I’ll take care of it.
All of ’em.
I got you.
Hold on a second.
Everybody, get back!
Brad wants everybody back!
Everybody back!
Okay.
See that?
They’re all back.
Let’s forget all about them.
It’s just you and me.
Just you and me, okay?
So...
Let’s talk about Tracy.
How long were you
guys married?
Ten years.
Yeah, I’ve been
married almost 25.
I’m telling you, you have your
ups and downs in marriage.
Marriage is...
I don’t want
to talk about this.
I just want this to be over.
I know that suicide
is not a rehearsal
and death is final.
You pull that trigger...
and there’s no
rewind, man.
You will have thrown
away your whole life
in one split-second mistake.
You understand?
You just lose everything.
Everything goes black.
I don’t have anything anymore!
Don’t say that.
That’s not true.
I know you’re
scared, Brad.
And you know what?
I’m done asking you
to put away your gun.
Okay? Don’t...
I’m gonna put my gun away.
I don’t like
where this is going.
I got nothing now.
Okay?
I just want us to talk.
I put my gun away,
and we can just talk.
Can’t we just talk, man?
Why don’t you let me get
in the car with you?
That’s the biggest mistake
he can make.
Isolating yourself
with a subject who’s armed?
He’s practically signing
his own death warrant.
Captain Grover knows
what he’s doing.
If he thinks this
is the only way,
we follow his lead.
Who were you trying
to convince just now?
Look, when Lou was
running SWAT in Chicago,
he had a situation that
was similar to this one.
He was called
to a house
that he’d responded to before.
But this time
with a suicidal gunman
holding his
two-year-old son inside.
I know... I know
for a fact that...
Lou wishes he handled
it differently.
He feels like he made
a mistake that night.
What happened?
The guy killed himself
while he was still
on the phone with Grover.
And what happened to the son?
Brad...
I’ve been a cop
a long time.
I’ve known a lot
of guilty men.
And I know what a guilty man
looks like, and that ain’t you.
You’re just telling me
what you think I want to hear.
You don’t believe me.
You just want me
to put the gun down.
You want me to keep
it real with you?
Okay, I’ll tell
you the truth.
When I first came over
here to talk to you,
that’s exactly
what I wanted.
I didn’t give a
damn about you.
I just wanted you to
get out of the car,
get out here and
get on your knees.
And look at us now.
I got nothing
in my hand.
My gun is on my belt
because I’ve been
doing this long enough
to know when I’m talking
to an innocent man.
Brad, please.
Let me come in there
with you, buddy.
Okay?
If you take your life, you
take the truth with you,
and-and I don’t want
that to happen to you.
And Tracy and
your family
and your friends
and your loved ones.
They don’t deserve that.
Everybody deserves to know
what really happened.
Don’t take
that with you.
Can I come in
there with you?
I’m gonna take your
silence as a yes.
TANI:
Guys, that was Noelani.
She confirmed that Tracy
had defensive bruising
on her wrists,
her right shoulder,
and DNA under her fingernails.
So she most likely
fought off her attacker.
Yeah.
DNA was Brad’s?
Mm-hmm.
He was the only hit.
They got enough evidence
to lock this guy up
for the rest
of his life.
What is he doing?
Lou, answer your phone.
Answer your phone.
He’s not answering his phone.
You’re gonna get through this,
and I’m gonna help you, okay?
And I just want to talk.
I’m coming in now, okay?
Okay.
Lou...
The Lord is my shepherd;
I shall not want.
He maketh me to lie down
in green pastures;
He leadeth me
beside the still waters.
He restoreth my soul;
He leadeth me in the paths
of righteousness
for His name’s sake.
Yea, though I walk
through the valley
of the shadow of death,
I will fear no evil;
for Thou art with me;
Thy rod and Thy staff...
BRAD:My wife’s family,
my friends,
everyone we knew,
they all looked at me
like I put her in that box.
Press was there, too.
And the cops.
They were all watching
every move I made.
Everybody came to
see the murderer.
I knew nobody
wanted me there.
But I had to go.
That was my wife.
I deserved the chance
to say good-bye.
You had every right to be there.
Brad... you know,
when people
are in mourning, they-they’re
looking for answers.
It’s part of
the grieving process, and...
you know?
But Tracy’s family, you know,
it-it’s just easier
to point the finger at somebody,
point the finger at you,
than to just walk away
with no answers.
Why not look at me
like the guy
that tried to save her?
Why not look at me
like the guy that...
that kept her safe?
What do you mean,
"kept her safe"?
Safe from what?
From herself.
Tracy had severe depression.
Nobody else knew.
Outside her family,
you mean.
Nobody knew.
Just me.
What?
I guess I thought it was
gonna go away or something.
: I guess I was
embarrassed to talk about it.
I don’t know.
She needed help,
and I didn’t give it to her.
Is your man
getting anywhere?
Uh, they’re talking
at the moment.
Talking is good,
but Captain Grover
gave up all his power
the moment he stepped
into that car.
The subject has leverage
and authority over us
that he previously
didn’t have.
Let’s just hope Brad doesn’t
get tired of talking
and turns the gun on your man.
Yeah, well, I got snipers in
position if that happens.
Thank you for
your concern.
So, building manager thinks
he may have seen Brad
exit from this door the
night that Tracy died,
but he couldn’t
give me a time.
All right, well, that means
that Brad’s claim that he left
is still unsubstantiated.
Yeah. Meanwhile, none of the
neighbors that I spoke to
knew what they were
fighting about.
Yeah, I know. The ones I
spoke to, it was the same thing.
Like, neighbors minding
their own business?
I mean, that’s gotta
be a first, right?
What?
What are you looking at?
I might have found a witness
that saw Brad leave.
Well, let’s hope this camera
caught something.
Sir?
Sir.
Gun!
Stop!
I’ll break your shoulder.
You understand?
You’re trying to save him?
After what
that bastard
did to my daughter.
He should die
for what he did.
If he’s not gonna pull
the trigger himself...
Then what
You
Huh? Where’d you
get that gun?
It’s mine.
I have a concealed-weapons
permit.
Not anymore.
It’s Tracy’s father.
I’m gonna let you go.
You gonna behave yourself?
Are you gonna
behave yourself?
Yes.
Easy, easy, easy.
Turn around.
What’s your name?
John.
John?
Look at me, John.
I’m Steve, all right, John?
You gotta let me do my job.
DANNY: John, listen to me.
I
I cannot imagine
what you’ve been through.
All right, but if you want this
guy to get what he deserves,
you need to let us
get him into custody.
STEVE: John, you gotta
trust us, all right?
This is what we do.
You need to go home
and be with your family.
No, my family needs
me here right now.
My daughter needs me here.
I’m not leaving.
All right, Duke,
he can stay
under your supervision,
all right? Go with Duke.
Come on, John.
Go on. Go on.
I don’t know why
I left that night.
Guess I just needed
to get out of there.
You don’t understand,
the mood swings, man--
they happened every single day.
Sometimes I thought
I would go crazy
if I didn’t get out of there.
But, Brad, why didn’t you try
to get her professional help?
I tried.
Just got tired of asking.
I should have
insisted.
That’s where I failed.
Brad.
Stay with me,
now, Brad.
Brad, stay with me.
You and me are walking
out of here.
There’s more life
ahead for you.
You’ll have
your day in court.
You’ll be able
to tell your story,
your side of things,
and be heard.
It’s too late.
Don’t say that.
It’s too late, man.
Looks like he’s losing him.
Steve.
Yeah?
Both snipers say
they have a clean shot.
We can end this
on your command.
Snipers, go weapons hot.
It’s Lou.
Yeah, Lou, you okay in there?
Yeah, we’re good.
We’re good.
There’s, uh...
one problem-- we’re hungry.
Why don’t you get us
a couple of pizzas.
You say pizzas?
Yeah, man. We’re thinking JJ’s.
How about a-a pepperoni
and sausage
and one pineapple and cheese.
I’ll take care of that,
but listen, I think it’s time
to pull you out of there, pal.
Is that right?
Yeah, Noelani found defensive
bruising on the victim.
DNA matches Brad’s.
If you’re not getting anywhere,
I gotta make a call.
Yeah, well...
that sounds tempting,
but I don’t think we need
any calamari.
The pizzas will be enough.
Hey, hey, don’t forget
the pineapple, okay?
I’ll do that.
All right.
Sniper teams, stand by.
All teams, stand by.
Why you doing this for me?
The truth is, Brad,
I’ve been where you are.
So I know that...
when you’re feeling like this,
the most important thing
in the world is to have
somebody in your corner.
Hey.
GROVER:When someone’s hurting...
Give me another one.
When you’re suffering...
...it also affects
the people that love you.
They suffer, too.
Lou?
Lou, open the door.
Lou, let...
Open this door.
Why is it locked, baby?
Lou, baby, come on.
Let’s talk.
We never talk anymore.
Can’t open my safe.
No, baby, I didn’t do anything
to the safe.
Come on, honey. Open this door.
You changed my safe, Renee!
I didn’t change
anything.
Yes, you did!
Baby, I don’t know
what you’re talking about.
Open the door, honey.
Yes, you did!
Please. Baby, you’re scaring me.
Please...
I want to get
in my safe!
Baby, open the door,
open the door.
Baby, we got kids upstairs.
All they want to do is see
their dad in the morning, baby.
Baby, why are you crying?
You know, Brad, I believe you
when you said you really tried
to help your wife.
I believe you.
Brad...
What really happened that night?
BRAD :
I messed up.
That’s what happened.
GROVER: Why don’t you
walk me through it?
Just start at the beginning.
And tell me everything
that happened that day.
Food’s here, Steve.
Okay, I’ll walk it over.
You sure?
Yeah.
Don’t tell me
that’s for him.
You’re kidding me.
You’re gonna feed him?
He’s not the victim here.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, John,
just take it easy.
He doesn’t deserve
your kindness.
John, I know
how this must feel.
Okay?
Oh, do you?
Really?
He kills Tracy, and
then he gives everyone
some bull about
how she jumped?
That was my daughter.
If there was
something wrong,
don’t you think I
would have known?
So I get out of my meeting,
and I check my phone,
and she left me
four messages.
I didn’t have to listen to them
to know what was going on.
She had done this before.
So I race home,
and there’s Tracy.
She’s... she’s hysterical
and screaming.
She found a bottle
of my sleeping pills
that I hid in my luggage
for long flights.
Said it wouldn’t hurt at all
if she just took them all.
No, no, let me go!
Hey, hey.
Please let me... Please!
Hey, hey. Hey.
Hey, hey.
You’re not doing this.
Get off!
She’s scratching me,
and she’s screaming
to let her go.
It’s the kids.
Yeah, what do you got, Tani?
TANI: Brad didn’t do it.
He was out of the
building before she fell.
There’s no way that he
could have pushed her.
You sure about that?
Yeah, we pulled footage
from an ATM camera
across the street.
It shows Brad leaving,
getting into a car,
and the time stamp
proves that he was out
of the building before she died.
Brad’s telling the truth.
She jumped.
All right, copy that.
Thank you.
All right,
I’m going over.
Just be careful.
I will.
SWAT teams.
SWAT, moving in.
She just keeps hitting me,
and...
Tell him to stop.
Brad, Brad, that’s just...
I don’t want him coming closer.
That’s just the pizza.
Tell him to get back!
Tell him to get back, Lou.
All right, I-I got it.
Okay, I got you.
Lou.
Tell him to get back!
I got you. All right.
I’m dialing him now.
I got you.
Hold on.
John. John!
LUKELA:
John, stop it! John!
Lou!
GROVER: Brad?
Stop!
Okay. I’m fine.
I’m not hit.
Stop! Get back!
We need the paramedics, Steve.
He’s hit.
We need to get some paramedics.
EMS. EMS right here,
right now. Come on.
Let me see, Brad.
Let me see.
No! No!
Brad, you’re hurt.
Brad, we know you didn’t do it.
We know you
didn’t hurt Tracy.
You don’t know anything.
Yeah, we do. We got proof.
Lou, he’s telling the truth.
We got proof.
Listen, didn’t I tell you
we were gonna get out of here?
You hear that? Everybody here
knows you’re innocent, Brad.
I’m not!
You don’t understand.
It’s my fault.
I couldn’t take it anymore.
The constant threats.
Worrying about
what she’d do to herself.
Not knowing how to help her.
I tried.
I tried so hard.
But nothing I did
mattered.
I was done.
You know?
I was done fighting
for her.
I was done
fighting for us.
I told her,
"Go ahead and do it.
Go ahead."
I didn’t have the strength
to stop her, you know?
Brad, no!
I killed her.
No! No, Brad. Brad, wait.
Brad, wait!
Wait, wait. Stop.
Please, Brad.
Get out, Brad!
Please just get out!
Get out!
Damn it, if you really
want to do this,
I can’t do
a damn thing about it,
but before you do
anything else,
please, for God’s sake,
Brad, just listen to me.
Just listen to me, okay?
I got one more thing
to say, okay?
Just listen.
RENEE:
All right.
The kids are off
to school,
and I’m gonna do a grocery run.
You want anything?
No, sweetheart. You don’t have
to get me anything.
Really?
Mmm, all right.
Well, then I guess it’s all
green vegetables.
Nene.
Baby, you haven’t
called me that in years.
Hey.
What’s going on, sweetheart?
Nene, I love you.
I love you, too, baby.
You be careful, now.
You’re so silly.
All right.
I’ll see you later.
♪ ♪
I thought you were supposed
to be at school.
Brad, these days,
I like to tell myself that...
if my son wouldn’t
have cut school that day,
that I wouldn’t have gone
through with it, but...
listening to you today...
I remember...
how that hurt felt.
That hurt and that pain, and...
I just wanted it to end, and...
I thought that there was
no other way to make it stop.
And then I could find peace.
Just like you.
Your guilt
can consume you, man.
I know that you’ve
been reliving this thing
over and over,
and you see Tracy
everywhere you look.
I know that because,
when this happened to me,
I couldn’t look at my son Will
and not see Christian,
that little boy who never
had a chance at life
because I failed him.
And I didn’t save him.
And you think
that it’s not fair,
it’s not fair that you
get to keep living.
But you do.
But because my boy
came home that day,
I made it through that day.
And you know
what happened after that?
I made it through the next one
and the one after that
until eventually I found help.
And with that help,
eventually...
I found peace.
It just...
It just doesn’t
go away, man, but...
you can learn to live with it.
And, Brad, you’re never
gonna know what it’s like
to be able to finally
be able to live with it
unless you put
that gun down, man.
If you put that gun down...
I will help you.
Because I know what it’s like,
and if you just
put that gun down,
I promise you
I will stay in touch with you,
and I will help you,
but please just...
just give me the gun.
There you go.
Get EMS here right now.
Come on.
Bring ’em in right now.
Right now, let’s go!
STEVE:
Come on!
Thank you, Brad.
Dad, you... you okay?
Yeah, I’m cool.
I’m just tired.
A long day.
Look, um...
I just wanted to stop by
and say thank you.
I know that was
pretty scary--
what you saw
this morning.
I always do everything
in my power
to keep you and your sister away
from stuff like that,
but sometimes trouble
just finds you, so...
Thank you. You did...
you did really good today.
You helped me out a lot.
Dad... it was all you.
I mean, I...
I really didn’t do anything.
Well...
you did. It was...
more than you know.
♪ ♪
GROVER: Christian.
His name was Christian.
♪ Leave your heart outside ♪
♪ Leave it all and let it go ♪
♪ It might come back sometime ♪
♪ You know, you never know ♪
♪ Before you say good-bye ♪
♪ You better know
where you’re going to go... ♪
WOMAN:
Lou.
Oh, hey.
Hey. I hear this is your
last session with us.
Yeah, um...
I’m sorry. I should have
told you myself. Um...
You guys have really
helped me a lot,
um, but...
I kind of feel like I’m not
gonna be able to move on
as long as I’m here.
Too many bad memories here
in Chicago.
So, where are you going to go?
I don’t know.
But you know what?
Wherever that is,
I’m gonna make damn sure
that it’s a hell of a lot warmer
than it is here, okay?
So, um...
Hey, thanks.
Thanks a lot.
♪ So we’re told ♪
♪Ooh♪
♪ Here we go ♪
♪ On our own ♪
♪Ooh♪
♪ We’re all alone ♪
♪ On that open road ♪
♪ So here we go ♪
♪Ooh♪
♪ We’re all alone
on that open road. ♪